Converse
========

Overview
--------

Mail should be like a conversation, where you are free to leave when ever you want. The
idea that someone can invite you to a conversation without your choice is bad enough,
and this still makes that possible - but that you cannot remove yourself from the 
conversation is just riduclos.

Converse allows people to start conversations with you, but you are the one who is in
control of staying in the converstation. Either because you are just no longer interested
or simply because your part of this converstation is now complete. ( This could be used
in interesting ways when people mail N people who need to do things by tracking who is 
left in the conversation you can track if it is done  - probably not a ideal situation
since people may still be interestd in progress even if they do not have work to do on
it. )

The basic idea is that a conversation is a pull not a push.. so when you are ready you
will go and see what new conversations have been started with you, or what conversations
have been updated.

For each conversation there is only 1 thread. So that if you do your first pull on a 
conversation after 10 people have make comments, you wlll only get 1 update with all 
the comments in turn

IDEA : Can I take this to the extreem, and say that like a real conversation, only 1 person
       can speak at a time ( ie before you make your comment, you need to have the latest )
       ( think committing to svn ) ?
       

When you check for an update on conversations, you will alway get all your current 
conversation back... now for the typical mail user that is just scary.. but in truth
that is the point.. a conversation is somethign you are trying to carry on - and this tool
is trying to help out with the communication overload that i happening in the world. So 
if you get back huge amt's then it is clear that you are trying to have more conversations
that you are really able to deal with at any one time

Opting out of a conversation is effectively the same as saying that you are complete.

When someone opts out of a conversation - the conversation is updated and everyone nees to 
get an updated conversation before they can carry on. This ensures that nobody is going to
be shocked when they find that the person they were talking to is not there.

Part of every conversation must be a list of everyone who is listening and everyone who has
opted out of the mail.

IDEA: Add in the idea of there being listeners and talkers... the conversation comes to a close 
      once all the talkers have opted out, but the listeners are free to carry on... this is
      so that people can opt out but still listen.
      
IDEA: Given the one go at a time idea, it is possible to keep in a db only the delta to the changes
      that have take place - given that we can guarantee the order, so that we can easity reconstruct
      the entire conversation easitly
      
Question: What does the idea of a forward mean.. is there some parent child relationship that takes
          place..not sure if I like that since the start of the conversation now has no control
          which is one of the things that I dont like about email... perhaps it is just a new 
          converstation.

